KONTRAPUNKT PRO OPENTYPE FONT FAMILY

Kontrapunkt is a Type 1 font family made public by Kontrapunkt studio
in Copenhagen. This is a project to make an OpenType version of the family
with extra glyphs, layout features and broader language support. The
challenge is a build system that reads in the original Kontrapunkt font
release with no or minimal intervention in its contents.


BUILD SETTING & STRATEGY

Base glyph material is read at build time from Kontrapunkt Type 1 font
files. These files are the original Kontrapunkt font files and they're
kept intact throughout the development process. You can also put your
own copy of the original release in place of the one stored in this
repository.

Extra glyph set is prepared in form of separate Type 1 font families and
merged with the base family on build. That is old school, but it makes
the work on glyph repertory more disciplined. Furthermore, the extra
families are developed with bare PostScript code that can be read and
versioned properly.

Necessary OpenType production files are maintained, but things that can
be derived from the Type 1 families are derived programmatically on
build. This includes a new font metrics file for the Kontrapunkt family,
updated with kerning listing originally found in the printer binaries
only.


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

You will need a Unix system with Adobe Font Development Kit for OpenType
available at http://adobe.com/devnet/opentype/afdko.html and LCDF
Typetools with Type 1 Utilities at http://lcdf.org/type/. Because
Adobe's FDK is Mac/Windows-only, this particular setting is currently
possible with OS X alone.


CREDITS & LICENSE NOTICE

Kontrapunkt typeface was designed by Bo Linnemann and awarded with
Danish Design Prize 2004: Typeface of the year. Read more and get the
original release at http://kontrapunkt.com/type/.

This work is not in any way affiliated with Kontrapunkt's author; it's
a derived work made public under the same, Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license. See the Kontrapunkt release
directory for the legalese. Copyright by Grzegorz Rolek, 2012.
